hey Steve's liver why the Browns Brown
it's Steve he totally neglects me I'm
overworked underappreciated how many
cans of beer banks of chips does one to
need in a week anyways I mean really
ever heard of vegetables big fella so he
never eats anything that's good for you
she thinks corn dogs are healthy just to
contain corn
no what about fresh lemon fresh lemon
yeah
squeezed all over it's deep fried fish
and chips there don't worry we can help
want to be a long liver they'll deliver
then come with us but guys I can't walk
I'm a liver
I beg your pardon I never promised you
on our garden I never promised you an
herb garden herbs great for detoxifying
your body nowadays it's a good idea to
give your liver a helping hand in
cleansing and detoxifying you know
getting the gunk Oh luckily our recipe
contains no gunk only super fresh super
tasty ingredients in our quinoa tabouli
I start with quinoa that I've already
cooked and cooled I like to cook it in
vegetable broth with a little bit of
ground cumin to give it flavor
sometimes I burn my quinoa when I cook
it hey I have a solution for that keen
for quinoa but not keen about cooking it
try this add one cup of uncooked quinoa
and two cups of boiling water to a high
quality thermos give it a little shake
and forget about it four to six hours
later perfectly cooked
fluffy quinoa I'm totally keen about
that we've modernized an old
middle-eastern recipe by using quinoa
instead of cracked wheat that makes it
gluten free and I think if I was
stranded on a desert island and I could
only choose one food I would pick quinoa
if you want to lose weight protect your
heart prevent diabetes have more energy
you got a try quinoa so I'm doing about
a cup of English cucumber in the
tabbouleh I like things to be chopped a
little bit smaller than a normal salad
about a cup and I also ordered some
grape tomatoes grape tomatoes great
grape tomatoes having some grated carrot
about half a cup and some green onions
still chop them with the steak knife
these days Janet uh-huh
works pretty well for me and though the
green beans and now it's star of the
show
da-da-da-dah curves yes fresh mint and
fresh parsley lots of them well they're
like a Swiffer mop for your body is
heavy metal not music to your ears good
nowadays our bodies can get bogged down
with toxic heavy metals like mercury
lead and aluminum accumulate in our
tissues to prevent issues with your
tissues just add more dried and fresh
herbs to your daily diet parsley
cilantro mint dill
they're all like lean green clean
machines besides isn't heavy metal best
left to your nephews iPod
Grutter member back in grade 7 science
class when we learned about chlorophyll
in plants huh while chlorophyll gives
your cells energy it's like living
energy from the Sun so these dark green
herbs like parsley and mint and cilantro
really really jazz up yourselves it's
gonna help to detoxify and cleanse your
body - I want jazzy cells and goes the
parsley Kate we're almost done this
recipe is very simple it is simple lemon
a little bit of zest a little bit of the
juice lemon also helps to raise your pH
so it's more alkaline instead of acidic
and you want that because your body
operates a lot better when it's alkaline
that's just shooting everywhere love it
good bicep - somehow I find that easier
than just squeezing it with my bare
hands okay lemon zest lemon juice a
couple tablespoons of olive oil mm-hmm
sea salt freshly ground black pepper
yeah you could eat this right now okay I
will but it does taste better I think
when you refrigerate it no I don't think
so I think rush is probably good for me
Havers develop you sure because I just
had a very little for breakfast this
morning so I didn't take it tasty too
long little register there and get a
plate if we chill it hey guys oh my gosh
it's Steve liver how's it going good did
you get here uh I took a cab over
luckily we made some quinoa tabouli
which will be great for you for detoxing
and cleansing and rejuvenating you so
that you feel great
oh boy Steve's gonna be so happy and so
are you Steve's liver you're gonna be
happy I think you just have to taste it
hmm and it's clean that's fresh it's
bright it's quinoa tabouli you likes it
Steve's gonna be so excited I can't wait
to tell those other organs all about
this they'll be really excited too it's
time to love your liver right Janet love
your liver you feel better already
I'm sorry enough for this last egg